Let's look at an example of how you might use Kinesis Video Streams.
Imagine you have a video‑enabled IoT device somewhere in the world.
You'll need to make sure that that device has an Amazon
Kinesis Video Streams Producer library set up.
After you do this,
you can get this device to stream data into the
Amazon Kinesis Video Streams service.
This data can then be processed in a number of ways.
In this case,
you can use a JavaScript library, like Video.js or hls.js to stream video
data in from the Kinesis Video Streams session URL. These libraries will
allow us to embed streaming video data inside of a mobile or web
application and make it available live.
Now let's look at another example when we want to detect
objects inside of our video. You can use Kinesis Video Streams
and other AWS services to do this.
Imagine the same setup as the previous example,
and instead of streaming the video data to a browser or mobile device,
we can process it in near real time.
The streaming video should be processed by a machine learning algorithm
using something like Amazon SageMaker. If the algorithm detects any
abnormality or finds something in the image that it's concerned about, like
an object that's not supposed to be there,
it could also have an application send out an alert or take some other action determined by the needs of our application.